hey bladeops we have a Kershaw knife
review today we are reviewing the g10
hock product code 1530 and here it is
this is a manual folder maybe the best
part about it is the price is 23 95
shipping and everything included a nice
little and expensive folder if you're
looking for one it could be an EDC or a
backup knife something to throw in your
truck see the g-ted handles there the
holes in it slots there you have the
pocket clip test it out it seemed very
nice and open up it is a manual folder
but if you get the right angle on that
thumb stud just the way it's engineered
pops right out
this is 3 and 1/8 of the 8 CR 13 MOV
steel so a decent steel for the price I
mean like I said you're around 20 bucks
because of the g10 scales and the steel
liners are fairly thin but the lockups
still nice and solid you can see see the
lock up there it makes it pretty light
you know just under 2 ounces the g10
handles are super aggressive they're
actually on the smoother side opposed to
rate them nothing like anything I call
them the excuse me Gerber or cold steel
knives it's nice and smooth so it's not
gonna rip your pocket so it's for me
alright super smooth and the fact that
the manual folder and smooth enough to
just flick out I always like that
feature the liner locks nice and solid
better than what you'd expect for for
twenty dollars the slim profile if
you're going to carry it or carry in
your pocket it takes up minimal pocket
real estate and it's got the nice usable
pocket clip so comment down below just a
quick little demo of the Kershaw g10
hawk let me know what you think check it
out bladeops